# Adventures-in-Supersingularland-Data

Data and code associated with the article Adventures in Supersingularland.

Authors: Sarah Arpin, Catalina Camacho-Navarro, Kristin Lauter, Joelle Lim, Kristina Nelson, Travis Scholl, Jana Sotáková.

# Contents

## Data

__When Are Conjugates 2-Isogenous.csv__ Lists the number of conjugate pairs that are 2-isogenous for primes 5 to 100193.

__When Are Conjugates 3-Isogenous.csv__ Lists the number of conjugate pairs that are 3-isogenous for primes 5 to 100193.

__Attachment.csv__ Lists whether or not attachment occured for primes between 50,000 and 100,000. Generated by the code in Attachment.py.

__Distances Between Random Pairs and Components 1 mod 4.csv__ Lists the distance between 100 random pairs of vertices, as well as the average distance between all components of the Fp subgraph for some primes between 10,000 and 66,000. All primes were congruent to 1 mod 4.

__Pairs Through Fp Random Sampling.csv__ For primes between 50,000 and 100,000, a random subset of 1000 vertex pairs were tested. Lists number of these vertex pairs with a shortest path through Fp and the number of vertices with a path through Fp to their conjugate.

__Pairs Through Fp Small.csv__ For primes between 1000 and 5000, lists the number of times a vertex in the graph had a shortest path to its conjugate passing through Fp, the total number of conjugate pairs, the number of times a pair of vertices in the graph had a shortest path passing through Fp, and the total number of vertex pairs.

__Pairs Through a Random Subgraph.csv__ For primes between 1000 and 5000, lists the number of times a vertex in the graph had a shortest path to its conjugate passing through H, a random subgraph. Also Lists the total number of conjugate pairs, the number of times a pair of vertices in the graph had a shortest path passing through H, and the total number of vertex pairs.

## Code

__Walk.sage__ Contains the isogeny-graph generating function.

__Attachment.py__ Contains the script used to test whether attachment occured for primes between 50,000 and 100,000.

__Paths_Through_Fp_and_Distances.py__ Contains the functions and script used to compute data about when the shortest path between vertices went through the Fp subgraph, as well as the distances between random components. Output stored in Pairs Through a Random Subgraph.csv, Pairs Through Fp Small.csv, Pairs Through Fp Random Sampling.csv and Distances Between Random Pairs and Components 1 mod 4.csv.
